Document RSpec and RuboCop artifact formats (#668)
cirruslabs/cirrus-ci-docs: docs/examples.md

    Which will create four shards that will theoretically **run tests 4x faster** by equaly splitting all tests between 
    these four shards.

### RSpec and RuboCop Annotations

Cirrus CI natively supports [RSpec](https://rspec.info/) and [RuboCop](https://rubocop.org/) machine-parsable JSON reports.

> To get Behaviour-Driven Development test annotations, simply generate a `rspec` artifact from your linter task:

Reviewer: Please use en-US spelling, and this sentence can be improved a bit:
```suggestion
To get behavior-driven test annotations, simply generate a `rspec` artifact from your lint task:
```

Author: Thanks!

> ```yaml

Reviewer: Please add a container instruction for both examples with Ruby

Reviewer 2: I'd also recommend adding `name: RSpec` and `name: RuboCop`

Author: See ac443369329753292143b6e7153bc40574661412.

Reviewer 2: Let's also add the annotations to the main example in the `Ruby` section (after `rspec_script: bundle exec rspec`).

task:
  script: rspec --format json --out rspec.json
  always:
    rspec_artifacts:
      path: "rspec.json"
      type: text/json
      format: rspec
```

Generate a `rubocop` artifact to quickly gain context for linter/formatter annotations:

```yaml
task:

>   script: rubocop --format json --out rubocop.json

Reviewer 2: Does `rubocop` is a part of the standard `ruby` Docker image?

Reviewer: No, it needs to either be installed with RubyGems or Bundler

Author: See 35c30329f54cb8b8711557f2cf2707b5ff9d4c04.
